README.md, before:

# EDN Reader for R7RS Scheme

Edwin Watkeys, edw@poseur.com

[EDN](https://github.com/edn-format/edn) is a data format from the
Clojure ecosystem. It is essentially the format of Clojure programs,
minus surface syntax such as quoting, syntax-quoting, and `@` rest
argument syntax.

This reader depends on the [`(chibi
parse)`](http://synthcode.com/scheme/chibi/lib/chibi/parse.html)
module, part of [Chibi Scheme](http://synthcode.com/wiki/chibi-scheme)
but theoretically portable to any R7RS Scheme.

This library, `(edn)`, exports `parse-edn` and
`edn-value`. `Parse-edn` is procedure of one argument and parses the
passed source, returning a data structure representing the passed EDN
or `#f` if parsing fails. `Edn-value` is a parser combinator that can
be called with
[`call-with-parse`](http://synthcode.com/scheme/chibi/lib/chibi/parse.html#h3_call-with-parse)
or other similar procedures in the `(chibi parse)` library.

This implementation should parse any valid EDN document. Note,
however, that `#inst`- and `#uuid`-tagged values are not parsed but
passed as if they were user-defined tagged literals. Also, since
Clojure programs may emit ratio values, they are parsed into Scheme
ratios despite their absence from the EDN standard. Finally, note that
`parse-edn` will return `#f` on failure, which is also the result of
parsing the string `"false"`. If this is a problem, use the
`call-with-parse` procedure metioned above.

A test suite is included in the the `(edn-test)` library and will be
executed on import.

Commit message:

Implement records for EDN-specific types

README.md, after:

# EDN Reader for R7RS Scheme

Edwin Watkeys, edw@poseur.com

[EDN](https://github.com/edn-format/edn) is a data format from the
Clojure ecosystem. It is essentially the format of Clojure programs,
minus surface syntax such as quoting, syntax-quoting, and `@` rest
argument syntax.

This reader depends on the [`(chibi
parse)`](http://synthcode.com/scheme/chibi/lib/chibi/parse.html)
module, part of [Chibi Scheme](http://synthcode.com/wiki/chibi-scheme)
but theoretically portable to any R7RS Scheme.

This library, `(edn)`, exports `parse-edn` and
`edn-value`. `Parse-edn` is procedure of one argument and parses the
passed source, returning a data structure representing the passed EDN
or `#f` if parsing fails. `Edn-value` is a parser combinator that can
be called with
[`call-with-parse`](http://synthcode.com/scheme/chibi/lib/chibi/parse.html#h3_call-with-parse)
or other similar procedures in the `(chibi parse)` library.

Additionally, the library exports predicates, accessors, and
constructors for types that don't have exact analogs in Scheme or
where the analogs are not nearly-universally supported. Of particular
note, the library returns EDN `nil` as the value `edn-nil`, which can
be tested for via `edn-nil?`.

This implementation should parse any valid EDN document. Note,
however, that `#inst`- and `#uuid`-tagged values are not parsed but
passed as if they were user-defined tagged literals. Also, since
Clojure programs may emit ratio values, they are parsed into Scheme
ratios despite their absence from the EDN standard. Finally, note that
`parse-edn` will return `#f` on failure, which is also the result of
parsing the string `"false"`. If this is a problem, use the
`call-with-parse` procedure metioned above.

A test suite is included in the the `(edn-test)` library and will be
executed on import.
